yeah night and everyone back there in
that luck money there are no Sammartino
dedicated to all the great champions of
the past Bret the Hitman Hart and the
last good buddy stone cold feed off it
with that in mind ladies and gentlemen
of lafayette and everyone around the
world i get to you your new boy that's
what i have
the time
ah i want it
why why why would I buy that I would get
it with a probable downside or here yes
I wish that's what I look like No
and what do you think Dave dude I think
the belt is official it is the WWE
Championship in the newest form but it
represents a classic and this is cover
from the Joker demon 00 the drunken
demon was now the new now classic WWE
Champion that's going in the hall fame
thank you love the title and my shotty
approves it of it awesome hey what is
your wrestling names timeless Oh flat
out that towering inferno okay you're
the towering inferno gotta catch-phrase
sweet
classic know your catchphrase where you
sure there's one first one side chef
boots after the other one day harm on
that boat is ready homeboy he's just
going on the night wonder how long it's
gonna be before they run a tonight the
bottom line is this who's the rut gonna
face at wrestlemania I like about this a
lot is it going to be CM Punk
do that belt ha ok for John Cena
oh there are now one man with a lot love
to fish at WrestleMania between those
two there is one man one man who brings
out these berries it's everybody from
Tiger Championship Wrestling that comes
out right now so Georgia demon ma Shakti
Maia championship run soon as you get me
put it all right now we're better come
out oh here we come